Watch and listen intently to the video and answer the following questions. Please write 1 paragraph (3-4 complete sentences).

How important is it for you to have a large social media following and or a lot of likes/views on your social media account?As with most things, it's important to prioritize the quality of your Fans over quantity.But, it's okay to want quantity, too. A loyal social media audience will engage with your content to propel its Reach, boost awareness, and eventually, convert to customers. 

Have you ever purchased somthing becuase you saw it on social media? If yes, what was it and why did you purhcase it?Iv'e purchase these  basketball sneaker's  I saw on tiktok.I wanted them because they look cool when people was wearing them.They also look like they had good grip on them to.

In your own words, what are some of the best things about social media for you?You can actually make money off of certain apps.You can also text people on tiktok,ig,or facebook instead of getting there number.ANd you can make your own content that you think  people  would like or just do what ever make u happy but as long as people are enjoying what your posting.

In your own words, what are some of the worst things about soical media for you?Inadequacy about your life or appearance.Cyberbullying.A fear of missing out (FOMO) can keep you returning to social media over and over again.

What social media app do you spend the most time on? Why do prefer using this app over others?I spend the most time on tiktok youtube and netflix.I spend the most time on them beacuse it interesting stuff on there to watch.For example tiktok has poeple who does funny things  and also people do  dance challenges as well

How long could you go without using your phone or social media? What would you do with your time without your phone?I can go to 3-5 hours of me not using my phone.With out my phone I would play my game or play basketball or just watch tv.Those are the things I would do with out my phone.